good afternoon dear friends today we are
talk about how to support your
health with Kombucha
tea mushroom
this is a very strong natural antibiotic
of you are urological diseases
diseases of the gastrointestinal tract
it will all help to heal the kombucha
very good you are kombucha for
slimming
because it helps against constipation and
saturates very much
just then eat absolutely not
I want lost appetite like real
can be used for losing weight really
helps besides thanks to samantha
due to the fact that he is an antibiotic if u
you have some there can be wound
anoint and everything will pass also to care
for a
can mosaic skin and hair for everything
will very well affect how to grow
Tea Mushroom I stood here for me
just merged ligo but down already
so embarrassed a little drink so I
I take out and
and this drink through the bag
it tastes like cold tea with
acidity such as carbonated
a little very useful in summer in general
good as if with a lemon
sour tea y gives in my jar
now you need to wash the mushroom with me dims
the good
filtered water is already separated from
me lower it can be separated in
separate can
and now we are preparing tea for curling mushroom
3 liters I take two bags to Rome
the sauce is very good tea very hard
brews me simply not
I love strong tea and you can invest from
calculating that for 1 cup
one backlight and i spill over
bags of boiling water to better
collapsed
now add sugar on the leader principle
advises five spoons finding release
sweet
so at 3 liters I will put in ten
spoons of everything
now stir sugar should
dissolve because if sugar
will fall on the flu finger will arrive I do not expect
when cool
I just add ice if wider again
it turns out very useful
It turns out very sweet mean
first do the pilgrims eat
cups in it is convenient to pour
less important
we cover with gauze and put Kazan on the day
there tea will stand no tea should
stand from 3 to 7 days
how do you like the most useful
tea 7 days friends subscribe to my
channel and i will tell you all about folk
goodbye treatment methods